DOCS-8072-4.3-tuning-repeatable-nonrepeatable-kt (#1410)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/tuning-repeatable-nonrepeatable.adoc

> = Repeatable vs. Non-Repeatable Streaming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Repeatable vs. Nonrepeatable Streaming
```
This is our style, even though Grammarly flags it.
You do have the option to evaluate whether the result looks silly (nonoperational), and you should evaluate if doing this actually changes the meaning of the word (re-create instead of recreate).

Reviewer: c/b
```suggestion
= When to Use Repeatable vs. Nonrepeatable Streaming
```
See comments that follow re. a reorg suggestion going forward. (Dangit, I just can't resist!)

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> 

Reviewer: Copyedited; no structural edits other than formatting suggestions

> Understanding streaming strategies and properly establishing which one applies best depending on your use case, is key to get the most of your flows in terms of performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Understanding streaming strategies and properly establishing which one applies best depending on your use case is key to getting the most of your flows in terms of performance:
```
BETTER
```suggestion
Understanding streaming strategies and choosing the one that best suits your use case is key to maximizing flow performance:
```

> To determine the streaming strategy that best suits your use case, first identify if you need:

Reviewer: remove per above edits

> * A non-repeatable stream (read payload only once) or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A nonrepeatable stream (read payload only once) 
```
GLOBAL per non-repeatable > nonrepeatable.
I'll stop marking; please search and replace.

* A repeatable stream (read payload more than once)

> == Non-Repeatable Streaming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== When to Use Nonrepeatable Streaming
```
But I wonder if we really need this topic, since we have have defined this already and don't have more to say.
Next time you look at this, consider omitting these definition topics and promoting the subtopics about Repeatable Streaming:

"==When to Use Repeatable vs. Nonrepeatable Streaming
(improves flow
two choices: repeat and nonrepeat
nonrepeat = one time
repeat = more than once (do we really have to define "repeat" and nonrepeat? they are common terms) AND two types, file store and in-memory)

===When to Use a File-Store Repeatable Stream
(include buffer sizing to do so)

===When to Use an In-Memory Repeatable Stream
(example and buffer sizing)

Reviewer: Copyedits below:

> If you can handle your payload as a non-repeatable stream, disable this feature by enabling the following attribute in the connector:

Reviewer: This is unclear: what does it mean to be able to "handle your payload as a nonrepeatable stream"? Do we mean if your flow is brief enough? only used once? What makes it "handleable," and what do we mean by "handle"?

More importantly, what feature is being disabled? If "repeatable" is the default, then we should state that and clarify that you can CHANGE it to "nonrepeatable," without referring to vague "disable this feature" and "enable this attribute". It's much simpler and clearer to say something like 
```suggestion
If your payload can be processed quickly and one time, replace the connector attribute `repeatable` with `non-repeatable`:
```

Reviewer: Can we provide an example of such a payload?

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<file:read path="exampleFile.json">
  <non-repeatable-stream />
</file:read>
----

> == Repeatable Streaming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Types of Repeatable Streaming
```

> Alternatively, if your use case needs to read the payload multiple times or concurrently, you can choose between:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if your use case requires reading payloads multiple times or concurrently, you can choose between:
```

> * file-store streaming strategies or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* File-store streaming strategies
```
Should we add a single phrase or sentence defining this here?

> * in-memory streaming strategies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In-memory streaming strategies 
```

> Adjusting the in-memory buffers size (defaults to 512KB) based on your payload size and the expected concurrency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both methods require you to adjust the default in-memory buffer size of 512 KB to accommodate your payload size and need for concurrent processing.
```

Reviewer: I think we could continue here with the example, without creating a subtopic.

> === File-Store Repeatable Stream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== 
Example Use of a File-Store Repeatable Stream
```

> The following example sets a specific buffer size for file-store repeatable stream, if you need to read a file that is always about 1 MB, you can configure a 1 MB buffer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example sets a specific buffer size for a file-store repeatable stream for a payload size that is always approximately 1 MB:
```

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<file:read path="bigFile.json">
  <repeatable-file-store-stream
    inMemorySize="1"
    bufferUnit="MB"/>
</file:read>
----

>  The previous values were provided as an example. You should always run performance tests to find the optimal buffer size for your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always run performance tests to find the optimal buffer size for your specific use case.
```
Do we really have to remind them that an example is only an example?

> ==== File-Store Buffer Size

Reviewer: I would move this text into the previous topic, before the example.

> For file storage streaming, to handle larger or smaller files, you can change the buffer size `inMemorySize` to optimize performance. There are some options: +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the file-storage repeatable streaming method, customize the buffer size `inMemorySize` to your use case to optimize performance: +
```

> * Configure a larger buffer size to avoid the number of times Mule runtime engine needs to write the buffer on disk. This increases performance, but it also limits the number of concurrent requests your application can process because it  requires more memory.

Reviewer: parallelism with next item
```suggestion
* Configure a larger buffer size to increase response time at the expense of memory load.
```

> * Configure a smaller buffer size to save memory load at the expense of response time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configure a smaller buffer size to decrease memory load at the expense of response time.
```

> 

Reviewer: Please apply the suggestions made to the previous peer topic to this one as well.

Reviewer: Edited for simple changes below, in addition to ^

=== In-Memory Repeatable Stream

> The following example configures an in-memory repeatable stream with a 512 KB initial size, which grows at a rate of 256 KB and allows up to 2000 KB (2 MB) of content in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example configures an in-memory repeatable stream with an initial size of 512 KB, a growth rate of 256 KB, and up to 2000 KB (2 MB) of content in memory:
```

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<file:read path="exampleFile.json">
  <repeatable-in-memory-stream
    initialBufferSize="512"
    bufferSizeIncrement="256"
    maxinMemorySize="2000"
    bufferUnit="KB"/>
</file:read>
----
The previous values were provided as an example. You should always run performance tests to find the optimal buffer size for your use case.

==== In-Memory Buffer Size

> For in-memory streaming, to handle larger or smaller files, you can customize the buffer by setting:

Reviewer: GLOBALLY replace "handle" with something like "process" or "manage" or "accommodate"...whatever is most precise.

* `initialBufferSize` +

> The initial size.

Reviewer: No periods; not sentences
```suggestion
The initial size
```
GLOBAL in rest of list
